welcome back to the air crew taxi show
you remember when I told you in the
previous segment do you remember
promises made promises kept
you heard me Candace this Owens is my
guest and you get to listen to her I get
to listen to her - Candace Owens welcome
to the program
thanks for having me it's been way too
long I know you've invited me a few
times so I apologize I'm glad to be on
now I know you're playing hard to get
and I hate that I want to be upfront now
you know what I wanted to talk to you
about a lot of people know you in a
number of different contexts you were
affiliated with with turning-point for a
while you are the founder of the plexus
movement Lexus
why don't you explain that to my white
audience yes
so blex it stands for the black exit and
really it's a calling for a black exit
amongst black Americans from the
progressive principles that have never
served us and continue to not serve us
in fact progressive principles have
largely deteriorated the black American
family and black American values over
time certainly in terms of the economics
so it really is I consider black said to
be a region camp you're finding in
schools more and more that people aren't
learning they're being brainwashed and
they're being told what to think not how
to think and largely progressives have
been able to systematically wipe their
own history in terms of the policies
that they put in place to harm black
Americans in terms of what the mentality
was in shaping and informing those
policies case in point
abortion which was about eugenics and
about making sure that black people
could not reproduce so it's really about
really introducing black Americans to
their history so that we can better our
futures ok so you're the founder of the
black sand movement now the only thing I
don't like about the blacks of movement
I'll be perfectly honest with you I
don't get to join that movement you I
resent you for that
that's racialist and it's not true you
can't join because yeah you can because
the truth is is that there has never
been any progress in this country for
black Americans without white
conservative allies we net we could not
have a plan
Uncle Tom thing I knew you were gonna
say okay so you um you know that I just
I love you I've watched you do your
thing in so many different venues so my
love language is stupid joke so you'll
forgive me in advance but I want to say
that um you I know it has been bruited
about that you are running for office
you had tweeted about that now I I grew
up in Connecticut so I'm sort of hoping
you'll run for governor of Connecticut
or something like that what are you
thinking where can you even talk about
that
it's on the table I can say that I am
looking at Connecticut I'm looking at
Virginia I'm wondering you know do I
want to go for a southern see I'm not as
interested in the house I know there are
a lot of people that want me to run
against AOC but I'm less interested in
the house
and you know I might just say no to all
of it and run for president in 2024 you
know everything's on the table listen
now you're way too young to need to
waste your life by running for
presidency that early you need to build
up to it slowly okay I'm gonna advise
you and I'm gonna I'm gonna have a
conversation with you offline because
you're too too valuable to leap there
but um okay look you are you have you
come prepared to talk about current
events I'm always prepared go that was a
joke Candice of course you were more
prepared than I'm prepared let's let's
jump in before we get into bigger stuff
right now we are in a bizarre moment in
our country utterly unprecedented
what are you thinking about where we are
right now and opening up the country and
how we should do it and how the
president's doing and all that stuff
well first and foremost I am one of the
people that believe that we should never
close the country it just it runs
counter to freedom and it runs kind of
what we believe in our governments job
is not to keep every person alive our
government's job is to inform us of
threats and to provide a defense system
for us overseas but we did not sign up
for the deal of the government is now
responsible to make sure every single
person lives and I'm a big believer in
free market solutions to everything and
I believe that if people were terrified
they should have had the option to stay
home and should have the option to stay
home we're fortunate now and blessed
that
staying homes not when you're going to
start the death everything is online now
you can get everything to your dog and
get your groceries to your door so
shutting down meaning allowing people to
make the personal decision to shut their
lives down because they were so fearful
and also a lot of people that were not
afraid to go out and run their
businesses if they wanted to would have
been in my opinion the wise decision
because we wouldn't have had to look to
Congress to welfare eyes half of the
society so I was against a stimulus I
was again shutting down society I think
it's it's a scary precedent to set of
course I support the president so
there's no fear and you hear a lot of
conservatives say oh the president would
never take advantage of these policies
the president is not going to be
President forever and it's a very
dangerous precedent to set to give that
much power to our federal government to
shut down everything what if it was a
president Bernie Sanders would you be
saying the same thing those are the
questions that people should be asking
themselves
I had Diana West on the program the
other day and she also said that she
thought the president had fallen for the
trap by shutting down the government is
the first time I heard someone say that
but if you have if you believe in the
free market or really if you believe in
freedom as we do then you do think along
those lines you start thinking that look
smoking is bad for you but I don't know
that I want to make it illegal there's
things that I can do but if you choose
to be stupid it's a free country you can
say stupid things you can believe stupid
things and you can do stupid things
to an extent obviously when you're
talking about a pandemic I think they
were freaking out because they didn't
know how it spread and they thought
maybe if we shut the country down but
you're quite right that something
happens and and because we haven't been
educated well in the last 40 or 50 years
on these principles a lot of people just
sort of fell for it they kind of fell in
line in a way that I would think
Americans or previous generations would
not have done right and then that's true
and there has been sort of the coddling
of this generation meaning that we are a
generation that it doesn't know anything
when I say this generation of talking
about Millennials and below we've never
had a war fought on our soil we haven't
lived through a war we weren't the
people that ended World War 1 or World
War 2 so our idea of devastation is
finding out that we're not going to live
beyond 86 and as we have this culture of
people
that you know Botox culture how can we
be younger how can we live forever it
was the easiest fear of people to tap
into and when I say people who tapped
into I'm talking about people that want
to proliferate socialist policies by
telling a bunch of people that are
largely narcissistic that there's a
possibility they can die and everyone
was ready to go oh my god you know
that's the worst thing in the world you
go a couple of generations ago they were
lucky if they could live beyond
childhood right you people that were
dying giving it in childbirth and so
they were much more tethered to the
concept of death I think so that's kind
of the unfortunate thing about modernity
and us progressing to this point in
society where we're so privileged and
this is what we're dealing with today
other than me you're the only person
I've heard talk about this this way
because my parents suffered through
World War Two in Europe they knew what
it was to be hungry to see people killed
most people beyond my generation because
I would completely include the boomers
in this have never seen what's weird
about the last 60 years anybody who's
like 65 and younger is that we've never
seen what every other generation has
seen which is a kind of existential
threat death everywhere we've had this
odd bubble of prosperity and so you're
right we've kind of become addicted to
safety and we are all too willing to say
to the government can you help me can
you help me can you help me because we
forgot that we can actually take care of
ourselves
right we can make our own decisions as
long as they were giving us the facts
and the government and what we're crazy
about this the government knew nothing
and that's that's part of it they didn't
know anything they just were making
policies every single day and extending
those policies and making them more
severe and they had zero empirical data
to back up why they were informing these
policies and people just fell for it
because they were fearful and and that
is why the only thing to fear is fear
itself
right because we people have fallen for
this trap and it's an economic disaster
and what they were just taking ourselves
further into the hole there are people
that are now able to make the decision
giving a just an example here to quit
their jobs because it makes more sense
for them because they will get more
money in unemployment and they will in
terms of how they're working now that is
a dollar a day a dollar today not a
dollar tomorrow of course because
eventually
they'll quit their jobs that check will
dry out and suddenly they'll be part of
people that don't have a job to go back
to because there's not going to be as
many jobs to go back to so this is sort
of the way that I think a little further
down the line and realizing that right
now or really seeing play out is a war
between you know socialism and communism
and capitalism and free markets and I am
apologetic free market person well I was
sort of having a conversation slash
debate with David French yesterday in
Nashville at the Q conference and I
basically said we need to put the
message out that socialism F's the poor
or whatever whatever strong message to
understand like you need to understand
if you hate the poor go for socialism
unless you understand how viciously it
attacks poor people you you you have no
business talking about it we have to get
the message out that these things are
not they're not even slightly helpful if
you want to destroy a generation of
people this is how to do it socialism is
how to do it we're gonna go to break
Kansas when we come back I want to get
your response to some people have been
saying that this president was
incompetent in dealing with this
Kove advice initially and because of him
we are where we are when we come back
we're gonna hear from you on that folks
I'm talking to Candace Owens why would
you go away hey folks looking me and
lucky heal I'm talking to Candace Owens
Candace listen you are you're a resident
at this point of like the DC area but
you grew up in Connecticut
later on I want to talk to you about
like running for office in Connecticut
with where they need actual Americans to
run for office because the current
governor I don't know where what was
what his ideology is but um let me just
ask you competence a lot of people and
it grieves me deeply because they're at
least mostly wrong have accused the
president of incompetence of all things
in dealing with this virus initially how
do you respond to that
well I would I would challenge and I
would ask those people that are saying
that one of the
her accused of being competent this is
more or less the same coronavirus just
the next topic that they get to blame
the president for being incompetent on
they've never given him credit for
anything they didn't give him credit
when the economy was you know just
ruling on ruling upward and we were
hitting stock market highs every single
day they still cycle that's because of
Obama so this is the same class of
people that say no matter what he does
it's incompetent unless he transforms
himself into a Democrat and signs up for
socialism so it's nonsense that should
be ignored and shouldn't be you know we
shouldn't even attempt to justify it or
intellectualize it because there's
nothing intellectual behind that it's
just hate that's a feeling we're in a
horrible war we're in a culture war as
you know and I normally wouldn't have
used those terms but we've come to a
place now where the New York Times for
example above the fold sides with red
china and says that Trump is
scapegoating that was their verb above
the fold scapegoating China you know to
improve his political fortunes for the
fall as though China is not I mean to
say to blame the only question is how
evil and nefarious have they been
exactly we don't know yet exactly but we
know they've been evil and nefarious but
the press you've seen this and I've seen
this they have stooped to a level we've
never seen anything like it in our
lifetimes what do you make of this idea
that we have a president willing to take
on the tough issues nonetheless being
criticized at every time well you know
what I think about the you know the
mainstream press that the left-wing
press it's it's apparent to me that what
they care about is their funding you
know these people are driven by money
and they're driven by greed and there's
nothing else and they're willing to
subject America to potential communism
and socialism and they're they're trying
to assist us so there's there's no
question as to why they side you know
with Communist China or why they're
siding with with people that you would
think that they were set up against you
know they were saying that a OC is a
hero they know that none of her economic
decisions or thoughts or ideas are valid
and they know that if they were ever
brought to the forefront it would
depress America I guess they assume that
there will be a part of the people that
survive
survive socialist rains and that is
always the people that are the
government and the press that supports
the government that writes the propped
on the propaganda on behalf of the
government even when the country is
starving and dying so they last the
position that they have taken because
they would be a part of the houses not
to have nots if if socialism was ever
realized in this country it's it's
abhorrent and it's scary because there
are people that actually believe that
these are non biased journalists Amin
that they're just trying to do the most
help but we're talking about a group of
people that are now saying that they
want things to remain shut down because
they care about the preservation of
lives but at the same time these people
are pro-abortion they're okay with eight
hundred thousand plus Americans being
killed in the womb and they're also Pro
to fat acceptance movement and things of
that nature which is the base
contributor deaths in this country even
if kovin nineteen fulfills that sixty
six thousand prediction by August people
would still be primarily dying from
being fat so none of it makes any sense
it's all paradoxical but it's all part
of a larger more nefarious plan now wait
go back to that because I am I'm happily
ignorant of a lot of the things with
regard to this virus just because I
can't bear it anymore so what you just
said are you're saying that heavy people
by and large have been dying from this
like I'm not I think I heard something
along those lines but yeah so there's
two things to look at the first thing is
that if the argument is that what they
care about is the preservation of lives
right then you have to look at various
different topics what would preserve the
most lives in America what is the number
one killer in America right the number
one killer in America is fat mean fat
it's it's three hundred and sixty five
thousand people die a year who fat
related carve disease the figure number
for heart disease all all around but
three hundred sixty five thousand
Americans perish every year from being
fat and you deceive a left champions
it's about acceptance movement you know
it's shameful to not love people to be
fat you got to put more fat people in
the public and they've also at the same
time acknowledged that with kovat
nineteen if you are overweight you are
more likely to die from this disease so
they're talking outside of talking from
both sides of their mouths at this point
in time right so they're claiming to
care what the preservation of lives but
they don't care the preservation of
lives would they would be necessarily on
the side of conservatives who are we
for pro-life stances obviously when we
are necessarily against abortion and we
are necessarily not the porters of
believing that it's you know be as bad
as you want and America needs to just
like it and we need more fat people in
the public space because this is okay
so it's what I'm really calling them out
on is their astounding hypocrisy this
isn't about saving life this is about
fulfilling you know what their political
goals are and their political goals are
socialism and obviously they're using
death to fear monger because what I find
bazaars we've always had death we always
have death so it doesn't mean that we
ignore the covet virus of obviously not
but but the idea that we can somehow
wipe out death and that you know in
other words as we're as we're talking
people are dying of all kinds of things
and it's simply a part of our reality so
the question is what do we do you know
to help everybody and there's all kinds
of things to talk about there's you know
Auto fatalities there's there's every
kind of death and there's cancer and and
what they're doing now of course is
they're focusing things so narrowly on
coronavirus deaths as though other
deaths don't count or we never had death
before this virus struck so there's
there is clearly fear-mongering going on
right now we have to go to another break
folks I'm talking to Candace Owens do
not go away why would you I know you
won't we'll be right back
what's this here Camus taxes show I'm
Eric Metaxas but I have a guest today
her name is Candace Owens and she's in
some kind of a bunker in Wyoming would
Dick Cheney I don't know nobody's
telling me where they are anymore
Candace welcome back thank you now I
know you're married I think I don't know
have I seen you since you got married
you got married like what a year ago or
something yeah I got married last August
last August and I because I remember
that I emailed you on a certain day and
said hey why don't you come on my show
and like later that day I saw a tweet
like congratulations like you had been
married that day so exactly you didn't
respond to me I'm gonna let it go it's
so hilarious to me that on literally on
the day congratulations
getting married I want to go back to the
idea of running for office because there
are a lot of really tremendously
competent individuals out there who
choose not to run for office they say
I'm better off writing books or being a
pundit or doing this or doing that but
you have recently thought about this and
mention it publicly what caused you to
to begin to think about political office
this pandemic actually I had never
thought about running for office but in
these extraordinary times you realize
that how much people know how
experienced they are how long they've
been in office means nothing if they
don't have courage and there are a lot
of conservatives that I respect who are
not courageous and you realize this and
their acquis sing to the left because
they were fearful or fearful themselves
of the possibility of catching a virus
and they were willing to sort of get on
their knees with these socialist
policies in the beginning and now
they're kind of trying to come to the
other side and say oh we should slowly
reopen but you can't have that
especially at such a critical time in
our country I asked myself this question
who do I think is is is a good candidate
to follow Trump right Trump was fearless
when he went office he was fearless he
stood up against the entire mainstream
media he said things that never been
said before he's still standing there
who do you think has that same
personality and that courage I could do
the same thing other than us other than
Trunk other than us
I can't think of a soul I'll be honest
with you Prudential what our credentials
if you don't have courage no listen no
kidding you know I agree with you on
this this is the issue and whenever
people like remember when people said
Hillary Clinton is the most qualified
blah blah blah I thought to myself who
ever determined what it is as what the
qualifications are to be president well
you're not running you know what at
whatever you know to run a particular
kind of company or something mean to be
the President of the United States takes
many things it's like what you know who
has the who has the credentials to be
Winston Churchill I mean it's not the
kind of thing you put on a resume inside
and this president has has really
shown himself to be an unprecedented
leader I mean it's an extraordinary
thing to see him do the things he's
doing and to me what he has done is he
has forced most Americans at least most
conservative Americans to see the horror
of the incompetence and lack of courage
of previous Republicans who have been
unwilling to take on for example China
you want to talk about incompetence
can you imagine allowing this stuff to
go on for decades from Clinton till
today and it took this maniac Donald
Trump to face China and to take that on
let's talk about China for a second yeah
I mean that is something that I totally
agree with I mean we knew on that they
were stealing our intellectual property
that they were given you know a
favorable side and in terms of all the
trade agreements and it was allowed to
go on there's allowed to go on forever
and they were taking our jobs overseas
and as someone who's a business owner
and someone who's looking to open and I
run two businesses I'm looking to open a
third and honestly the first thing I
said is how much this is gonna cost to
get me to get me to make this product I
want to make in America or just if I get
it done overseas and here I find myself
in this in this intellectual dilemma
because it is ideological dilemma rather
because I believe a job seem to be home
but where are the incentives to bring
the jobs home so all of these things
that that Trump hit on and that he was
willing to stand up and say no no more
is something that I don't know many
people would have had the courage to do
because it takes a long list to be
called a lot of names that means that
you know that you are not right drunk
knows he's not a racist he knows he's
not anti-semite and all these things
that are called but most people care so
much about their image again getting
back to this underlying narcissism that
we that is really permeated our culture
that they're willing to say okay well
I'll just let them have that I'll let
them have that and and had things keep
going
so it again I I know many people that
are credentialed to become the president
of the United States and that means
little to me in terms of who should
become the president of the United
States based on not only credentials not
only ideas voto willingness to forge
ahead and fight well again I love the
idea that you're thinking of running for
office because we do need people in
public office who think the way
that you do it it is an amazing thing as
I said look back and to think that the
people that I considered you know good
guys whatever were in many ways part of
the problem I think that this president
has put spine in many Republicans not
enough but there but but there are there
is a cadre of Republicans right now who
seem to have the guts that he does or at
least to approach it right I mean I I
hope so as I said what I was looking at
across the board I found very few
Republicans that were willing to stand
up from the very beginning of the scope
in nineteen hold on to the values that
they espouse every single day you know
believing in freedom for Americans to
make the decisions and believing in in
free-market economics as a solution to
virtually everything everybody sort of
became a socialist overnight and that
made me fearful and I said I looked
across the board people that I filed
with that I idolized they were like we
should shut down for a little bit to see
what happens and it in my opinion it was
not the right move it just was not
because he still could have had to shut
down by saying my advice as a president
of the United States I advise that
everybody stay home but I'm not going to
mandate that and I'll tell you who did
do that and what I think is someone to
look out for in the future of politics
Kristi Noem the governor of South Dakota
she didn't put on anything and she she
stood on her ground and she said that
you know I gave people of South Dakota
the information it is not my right as a
governor to force this shutdown on a
bunch of people I believe in freedom and
I do know her personally you know I went
fishing a fishing trip with her once
just randomly a group of people and that
is she stands on those morals and those
principles you can't decide that your
morals and your principles only stand
until you're afraid well see this is
what it's so fascinating is that I
really think that for the first time in
American history we have a leadership
class that does not understand these
principles I mean if you went back to
1930 most Americans whether
instinctively or whether they could
quote the founders they understood what
it meant to be an American they
understood freedom they got these ideas
and they lived them out we really have a
cultural elite class that definitely
doesn't
these things we're gonna go to a break
folks I'm talking to Candace oh and
don't go away hey folks I want to
recommend a new book to you that I've
recently read entitled reflections on
the existence of God by Richard e
Simmons this book is a collection of
short essays focusing on life's biggest
questions how did we get here
where do we find meaning in life who
determines what is evil and does God
even exist this book is easy to read
because it's divided into a series of
brief essays perfect for a devotional or
discussion with a friend I highly
recommend that you had a copy of
reflections on the existence of God to
your pandemic reading list Simmons also
asks questions to speak directly to the
one most important things you possess
your worldview your worldview as you
know is going to impact the way you live
your life for better or for worse if you
want to challenge yourself to spiritual
and intellectual growth and be willing
to ask yourself life's toughest
questions dive in today and click below
to order your copy of reflections on the
existence of God right now reflections
on the existence of God
check it out very important stuff folks
welcome to our 2 of the Eric Metaxas
show we call it our - because it's
legally mandated it follows our 1 and
you know I like to color inside the
lines but I don't want to go to jail so
this is our - ok folks I'm talking to
Candace Owens one of my favorite people
Candace I'm just so grateful to you for
making yourself available I know you're
in the middle of like editing a book or
something obviously a book that you
wrote do you dare share the title or the
idea behind this book yeah um so my book
is called blackout and it is some titled
how black America can make its second
escape from Democrat plantations my
thesis being that you know if anything
the Democrats have done was just
modernized their same techniques that
they used in the time that they had
black slaves pulling all the work for
them and no benefit to themselves and I
really spell a spell that out through
various topics the education system and
you know black black American slaves are
not allowed to learn to read when we
were slaves it was laws against it you
if you were even if you were white
American during the time of slavery if
you were caught teaching a black person
to read he would be an equal and equal
amounts of trouble and to today where
you have the states like California
75% of black boys can't pass a basic
literacy exam to breakdown a family the
systemic breakdown the family which was
necessary to trading slaves and the
Democrat policies that have seen a
larger breakdown in a black American
family today than in the 1800s it's
astounding stuff and I'm really just
filling out a thesis to again re-educate
black Americans about their history
which has largely been buried by the
academia the left-wing academia which
really they largely inform a lot of the
stuff that we're learning in the
education system which is nothing and
and really a call to action for all
Americans to have the courage to stand
up and to say no more to this let me ask
you you know I guess when you know that
this stuff is true as you do it's hard
not to be angry and vocal about it
because I think most people cannot
believe that it's true most people don't
believe that it's true that can't be
true it's too horrible and yet we know
that it is true um I think that one of
the tremendous signs of hope that we
have now is your voice and equally
shocking the voice of Kanye West I mean
who ever dreamt that Kanye West would
not only think for himself but talk
about thinking for himself talk about
his Christian faith more boldly than any
preacher I've ever heard and talk about
thinking for himself politically I know
you have some contact with him or you
have but I mean that is like a cultural
earthquake to me it's just a stunning
thing right and in my opinion all that
is God you know God chooses the right
people who are in various places do
certain things and you know God put me
shows to have me go through a very tough
life and through certain experiences to
start as a liberal and come out
conservative because it just added
weight to the things that I was saying
and they couldn't you know wipe oh gosh
and say oh well she grew up wealthy and
like they tend to do too a lot of black
Americans I get some sense about what's
going on for Kanye glass he couldn't
have been a better space when so much of
what has kept black Americans down is
culture a very bad culture and a culture
that is largely controlled by the left
and it's the reason why nobody in
Hollywood which is largely satanic in my
opinion is allowed to be a conservative
without getting a pink slip and and so I
really do believe that there is a
spiritual element to all of that and the
timing of this at a time where we're at
such a critical point in this country
could only be something that was
ordained by something bigger than all of
us well I certainly agree with you this
is God God is doing this it's a cultural
reset I mean nobody could have invented
you except God and boom here you are and
you're speaking as you're speaking and
so many people are cheering you on I
actually think that the left is scared
to death of you of Kanye it's like their
worst nightmare that people like you for
many reasons not just that you're black
but there's something about your
personality the way you talk it's
different than you know there have
always been there has always been a
smattering of black conservatives but
you speak with a fire and Kanye does as
well and I'm really convinced that the
Democrats are really freaked out at the
whole black soot movement all right
absolutely they are and and you know for
them the difference and I always talk
about this between people like Kanye and
people like me or people that seem to be
you know having more success in making
black Americans up it's not an
intellectual difference there are people
that are way smarter than us Condoleezza
Rice Clarence Thomas Thomas solo Walter
Williams these are people that are
really giving me my education but you
know what they lacked was an element of
courage and what I mean by that is that
when and I spoken to dr. ben Carson
about this but these people are they are
polite and when somebody calls them and
Uncle Tom or Coon they don't engage and
I think for me it's the exact opposite
where I rise to the challenge you know I
won't be called you call me all the time
I call you a slave right and then they
get they get angry because they've
always had so much control when they
could call call people names and they
never got it back so part of that is
really just giving it as good as you get
it
that's so interesting I I think that it
has something to do with with your age
and Kanye's age you know that that there
are different generations then that
respond in different ways but um your
willingness to fight back I mean
obviously this president has that I just
find it funny in a way because when when
people are not used to that I mean when
people talk about you know Trump causing
whatever it is the vulgar ization of the
cultural conversation or bla bla bla bla
bla I realize I actually know if people
had played nice with him he would play
nice but when they attack him he attacks
back and the fact of the matter is that
when you call someone a racist or when
you when you say the things that they've
said about him in the past
you know george w bush or other people
that i have admired they they would not
fight back they would think it's not the
gentlemanly thing to do but there is a
time to fight and to see people like you
and this president willing to fight and
I don't mean fighting dirty but I mean
fighting in the way that we need to
fight because we care about those who
are suffering like all the the blacks in
America who have been lied to um
something happens and you inspire others
to fight I mean you have to know that
you have inspired so many other men and
women to fight because of your voice I
hope so and that's what I'm here for my
I hope is that I inspire you know black
Americans to wake up and to stand up to
these this is cultural establishment
that hasn't allowed us to say anything
to fight back they call you a name
called him a name back my hope is that
I've given white Americans the courage
to to respond when somebody arbitrarily
calls them a racist you know
don't settle for that he says ask them
more questions ask them to justify that
that doesn't shut down a conversation it
actually should demand more conversation
I would never let somebody call me
something that I'm not and for too long
we've had we've given into this culture
of white guilt which Shelby Steele does
a great job as a book about that that I
read tailing between your legs of how to
be a white person telling to your
license I'd be a cop black conservative
when when really we need those people to
become more dominant forces in culture
oh I totally agree I want to find out
you know sort of how did you get to be
where you are where did you grow up how
are you raised what's your story I talk
about this a lot in my book but I was
raised in Connecticut you know first and
foremost in a really small apartment
roach-infested apartment with my parents
and my two sisters and my brother until
my grandfather came along and came to
our place and said I don't want my
grandbabies to grow up in this
circumstance and he moved us into his
more middle-class home
my grandfather was raised in a
sharecropping farm you know had dealt
with a real KKK in North Carolina
Fayetteville's where he came up and you
know he had delayed tobacco out to dry
since he was five years old and that
share cropping farm in a high attic and
never in my entire life has my
grandfather ever told me that I couldn't
do something because of the color of my
skin he was a part of that generation
that believed in hard work he doesn't
believe in calling white people racists
he believes it was a different time and
he instilled a lot of hard core
conservative values in me we had to read
the Bible every day when I was growing
up around the table and he had all of
these rules crazy rules to me at the
time that I write about in in my in my
book and he would incorporate us into
his prayers and we did something wrong I
went through a phase once I moved out of
his house in rejecting that in feeling
that conservatism and God and all these
things were trying to keep me down I
started drinking a liberal kool-aid and
saw the way that my grandparents raised
me to really be a symbol of my prior
oppression and and then I had my
awakening and I realized the only
because be great because it's a radio
show I'm so sorry we're gonna be right
back and I'm gonna let you complete all
those thoughts folks do not go away hey
there folks it's the Eric Metaxas I'm
talking to Candace Owens Candace I had
to interrupt you before you were saying
something so beautiful about how you
were raised
please continue yeah I mean I was just
saying that and I obviously went through
a phase where I accepted the the dogma
the education system and believed that
those conservative beliefs believe that
my upbringing on the Bible and all of
those things that my grandparents taught
me was a sign of being oppressed and
then went very liberal route and was
absolutely miserable and I woke up one
day and had to make a decision and my it
was really inspired by my grandmother's
untimely death
all she ever wanted to do and to see was
us happy and I woke up one day and made
a decision that I wanted to be where I
was raised to be and I chose
conservatism and my whole life changed
and everything got better and I realized
that these values and these beliefs and
there is difference between right and
wrong and what we're fighting right now
are traditional conservative values that
are raised in the home versus this
liberal secular values that happen
outside of the home and these two
concepts that war break down a lot of
ways but it also transpires the argument
between Liberty and versus tyranny and
it's all related to one another and I
wanted to be a voice for so many people
that were like me okay so now your new
book it's called blackout correct and
you're telling me that it is available
people can buy it now yes they can buy
it and it was supposed to come out this
week but because of coronavirus
everybody's books got pushed because you
can't promote a book and go on a media
tour when you can't go into the airport
so we're hoping that it will be able to
come out once this everybody schedule is
sliding right now they're hoping end of
August but it really depends on when we
get back to work and but I hope it comes
out I'm actually adding a chopper to it
because I have so much time right now
that's a good thing chapter was called
on faith yeah I never understood the
connection between faith and freedom
until a few years ago and I wrote about
in my book if you can keep it but I
realize like nobody really understands
is that the global elites don't talk
about this they don't understand all the
principles that you and I have come to
understand and you get so passionate
about them I want to talk about no safe
spaces because my friend Dennis Prager
put together this incredible film and it
has been effectively deep platformed
amazon prime and netflix refused to
carry it which is insane but you are in
the film tell us about it yeah you know
for my portion in the film is like blood
are in it was just taking people on the
journey of what it's like to go onto a
college campus and people think that
these college campuses are supposed to
be where people experiment with ideas
and it's not it's a brainwashing a
collective brainwashing that has taken
place at levels that I think Adolf
Hitler and Mao Zedong would be proud of
and
it's scary that you can arrive at a
campus as a black person and have a
bunch of white liberals try to attack
you on the basis that they think that
you represent racism right and this is
sort of the social condition
psychological conditioning that's taking
place on that these totalitarian camps
that are considered to be safe spaces
against ideas that will make people help
happy and have value in their life so it
was incredible to be on you know a
whirlwind journey with Charlie current
North turning-point USA and to really
see up close what the school system was
doing to people that are supposed to be
our future leaders you know just looking
at the course got a lot of parents don't
really understand how bad it is when
kids are required to take lesbian/gay
social environmental issues and all of
these things that add up to absolutely
nothing in terms of being competitive in
a global economy and so it was you know
my pleasure to be a part of the
documentary it was my pleasure to work
with turning-point USA and it was it is
still my pleasure to be able to work
with Dennis Prager University
yeah well the Dennis Prager and Prager
University are doing a lot to change the
world thank the Lord I mean it's an
amazing thing to see what is happening
out there sometimes things have to get
worse before they get better before
people will wake up and I really think
that's kind of where we've been in a
culture it's why we got Donald Trump
because we had eight years of Obama and
I think people finally understood
something is very wrong the America that
was a shining light of freedom to the
world is is going away
and it's why I think people need to see
no safe spaces by the way they can use
the code SAVE 25 and get 25% off got or
no safe spaces comm I hope folks will do
that canvas is this your first book it
is and I wrote it myself
I mean everybody else was like oh just
get out you know go smartly everybody
else does put your face on it and I just
couldn't do I I mean let them pick the
title I mean the the cover of the book I
was even crazy about I I can be quite a
tough creative in terms of wanting
things to really be me and I think that
people that have followed me and got me
to this point they know my voice they
know my ideas and anything else would
just be fraudulent just slap my face on
a book and say buy it so
it has been a labor of love I don't know
that I will ever do it again it's been
very difficult but uh Simon & Schuster
has been wonderful my publisher has been
wonderful and they've allowed me to be
the creative crazy that I am and push
back and fight with them the whole time
Wow I love that I think in order to sell
books next time I'm gonna demand that
your face is on my book yeah I'm gonna
make that decision obviously I write
books writing about oneself which I have
just done is harder than than writing
about anything I think it's if there's
just something about it to be objective
when you're writing about something
that's inherently subjective it's just
it's it's weird but so you talk about
your life story and you talk about your
ideas in the book correct right yeah so
I just wanted to give people the
background of Who I am so I haven't
really spoken much about my personal
life so that's sort of in the beginning
and then we sort of go into how just
really my personal life which is largely
anecdotal sort of transformed me into
realizing things they're not anecdotal
and that are factual and are things that
you can research and again you know
they'll see a lot of the ideas that have
been espoused by some of the greatest
black thinkers alive and because I do
consider them to be my professors just
reading their books I learned more
reading Thomas old books and Walter
Williams books and Shelby Steele books
and I learned throughout my entire
public education system in college and
that's sad but it's true and I hope that
I can give to people the gift that they
gave to me well that's so wonderful also
what's interesting to me which I've
rarely talked about but what I find
interesting demographically and why I
think the Democratic Party is really
scared is that most blacks in America
are either seriously Christian or
culturally Christian so that they
basically get stuff that the Democrats
have chosen over the last couple of
decades to ignore so the Democrats treat
blacks like you know we know you've got
your vote and we're not going to do
anything for you I think the Republicans
treated white evangelicals exactly that
way like where are you gonna go you know
you're not going to vote for the for the
Socialists and stuff and so so we're
seeing a huge shift right now and I
think because of voices like yours and
obviously I mentioned Kanye they're
there more and more people willing to
say what needs to be said even the
subtitle tell us that the subtitle of
your book again how black America can
make it second escape from a Democrat
plantations wow that's just an amazing
that's it's it's an it's an amazing
subtitle black out how sitting in help
how black America can make it second
escape from a democratic plantations
alright well first of all you're telling
me this book is available today yes hey
people are gonna watch this video
they're gonna hear us they're gonna go I
guess wherever they go to Barnes and
Noble or amazon.com River
wherever fine tobacco products are sold
and they're gonna buy this book and when
this lunacy is over I want to make sure
that we we get you in the studio and
promote this book more because I really
do think it's vital that more people are
you know open to hearing the truth
because what you're telling us is the
truth I mean was there any level at
which you were shocked when you began to
discover this history that you write
about oh absolutely I mean any person
that was a black liberal their whole
lives and then suddenly changed to a
black conservative goes through a period
of cognitive dissonance and we believe
you're either going crazy which I
thought I was legitimately going crazy
that everyone who I thought were racists
and Republicans and all the stuff
actually had your best interest at heart
and wanted to give you a fair chance in
society it's it's it's hard to hold on
to your sanity when you go through it
and then after I think you're going
crazy you develop this rage and you're
angry
and you just kind of want to blow fire
on everything I always say it and just I
don't just want to leave the plantation
I want to burn it down and and then you
sort of get into a different space where
you go through all those stages of grief
and you accepted it and and that's where
I'm at now where I've accepted the
condition that we're in and I'm willing
to go out and to have every and to
promote these ideas and to hope that I
can bring more black people into this
light because where I am what it is it's
really a light it's a dark tunnel and
then suddenly you're in a light and I
talked about that and Plato's allegory
the key to my book a bit to really the
reaction once you come out of a cave is
like ah I know sunlight I want to go
back in the cave you want to retreat is
it safe you comfortable with the
darkness but the light is the light well
speaking of light you know I'm glad that
your Christian faith is important to you
the reason I say it is I bumped into a
lot of firebrand conservatives who don't
have a strong faith and I want to say to
them you're gonna need to lean on Jesus
because you will be persecuted you will
go through trials if you don't lean on
God and know where your strength comes
from know where your courage comes from
know where truth comes from you risk you
know going down and and and you know
we've seen that happen so I just want to
thank God that he has given you that
kind of a faith so that you know where
all this good stuff comes from he kills
me to be at a time Candace
Owens god bless you we continue the
conversation the book is black out I
hope a lot of people get a copy and to
be continued we will catch you when this
bunker stuff is over thanks again thank
you so much